from:	Mrs Sabrina Crawford <julia@consejo.org.ar>
reply-to:	sabrinacrawford000@qq.com
to:	
date:	Fri, Jul 21, 2017 at 1:26 AM
subject:	
mailed-by:	consejo.org.ar
signed-by:	consejo.org.ar
security:	 planisys.net did not encrypt this message Learn more

Hello Beloved,I hope my instincts met you well. Though, I considered this
medium not to be the best manner to have approached you on this issue,
being that the Internet has been greatly abused over the recent years, and
is very unsecured for information of vital importance like this. I have
decided to take the chance, seeing that no other means could have been
more faster and efficient than the E-mail.

I'm Mrs. Sabrina Crawford, a resident of Montana, Bulgaria suffering from
Leukemia. I was married to Sir. William Crawford a Bulgaria base shipping
tycoon notable for his great wealth, influential extended family and
charitable activities all his life before his death. My husband died after
a protracted illness in August 15th 2013. Our life together as husband and
wife lasted for about two and a half decades without a child.

When my husband was alive, and when i too was pretty much stronger then,
we would visit the less-privileged homes, refugee camps, and victims of
natural disasters in various parts of the world, and also helping the
down-trodden and the less-privileged people here in our local county too,
because my husband and I genuinely have passion for people who cannot help
themselves, due to physical disabilities or financial in capabilities. Now
that my health is greatly deteriorating, I can no longer do all these
myself any more, and thus want a continuous process of this kind gesture
to all the wonderful people in this world.

In 1991, my late husband invested in stocks the sum of Forty Million euros
(â‚¬40,000,000), which he derived from his vast investment in capital market
with a security company here in Bulgaria and named me as the sole
beneficiary of this trust funds upon his demise (all records are kept with
my family lawyer).Presently, the funds are still with the security
company.

Few weeks ago, my Doctor told me that I have limited days to live, due to
the Leukemia related problems that I have been suffering from, and also
because of the hypoglycemia that I have in addition with the Leukemia.
With the hard reality that has befallen me, I have decided to donate the
funds to you and I want you to use the gift which comes from my late
husband effort to establish a charity foundation that will be called
"Crawford Orphanage and Children's Home" for the upkeep of widows,
orphans, physically challenged children, and persons who prove to be
genuinely handicapped financially around you, as it is often said that
blessed is the hand that giveth. I took the bold decision to contact you,
because I do not have any child to inherit the money, and my late husband
relatives are bourgeois and very wealthy persons, that will misuse and
invest the money into ill perceived ventures if willed to them, instead of
helping the poor in a worthy manner as required.

So, I want you to immediately contact my family lawyer, Barrister Graham
Westley (westleygraham4t@gmail.com) and tell him that I have willed the
funds to you by quoting my personal reference number
Law/chamber/cfd/WILL/bg/785/2420218, as I have earlier today authorized
him to issue a Letter of Authority in your favor to the security company
handling the stocks as soon as you contact him. He will also endorse my
WILL; therein you will be named as the sole beneficiary of the trust
funds. Please ensure to provide to him, all that he may require to
finalize the arrangement, and make sure you maintain a confidential and
cordial relationship with him even in my absence, because he is a very
trust worthy and caring person.

My happiness today is that, my life is worthy of emulation and I want you
to do the same by been kind-hearted throughout your life. Please, remember
to put me in your daily prayers, because it is what I need the most right
now.

With Love,
Mrs. Sabrina Crawford.
